Design Document
This webapp serves as an all-purpose resource and tool for discussing behavioral economics. Using a PHP MVC framework called Laravel, the app takes advantage of a number of tools, including PHP, Blade (a templating engine), HTML, CSS, SQL (through Eloquent), and mySQL for the database. 
The entire site is tied together through routing, which is done in the routes.php file. It’s responsible for connecting forms to the database, shooting information to a controller to be processed and for leading the user through an array of web pages.
What the user sees is always a view. These files use Blade for templating. There’s a master template that is extended to all pages of the site, and only the content within the body of that template changes. These views contain almost all of the user-facing scripting, templating and code. The styling is done in a single external spreadsheet that is linked to in every page through the master template.
The site performs user authentication using Laravel’s Auth method. Many parts of the site are closed off to users who aren’t logged in and they are prompted to do so in order to post to the site or leave a comment and communicate with other users.
That authentication relies on a mySQL database to log users and their information. Passwords are one-way hashed and the database is interacted with safely (that is, avoiding SQL injection) through Eloquent ORM (Object Relational Mapping). Eloquent queries replace raw SQL and allow for CRUD operations to be controlled.
The mySQL tables are created through migrations, which had me construct the table in a php file and then interact with the database in a structured way. I specify relationships between tables using foreign keys. The migration allows for a large set of commands to be given at once and also to be undone at once through an up method and a down method.
I used Apache servers to test my app locally and used the PaaS Pagoda box to host the app. My domain name hosting is from namecheap and I used DNS to connect the two. The app is consistently pushed to a github repository which is also how I push the code to Pagoda. 
